You don't ask me if I want to go with you
The Young Master's Story invites you to participate in the anniversary celebration
Don't help me go back
Sir, you are going to see the story daughter
Are you sure you don't want to go?
What!
My father can't go
Go drive
How did you come here to be invited?
Are you kidding?
How could the anniversary of my story invite you?
This is, of course, the one that thanks me for the alms.
Permanent and work and rest
It was obviously led by the Lu Dao, and I relieved it.
Which round will you get a pillar to take credit for?
If you don't want the contract you just signed
Turned into a pile of waste paper
I advise you.
Get out of your way, you Lucifer's watchdog
You dare to come to my story and scream
You have no right to yell in front of me
Your chairperson came to grab it in person
You actually stole Master Lu's invitation group
Your hands and feet are not clean
And I explained.
This is your Chief Mayor Gu
Delivered to me personally
Ask me to criticize me for being speechless
It's hard to make mistakes